this is a moment in history in which we
have to insist with courage and
togetherness that this cannot proceed as
usual that the status quo is
unacceptable and that we will not sit by
silently as a genocide plays out on our
screens this is a time where we have to
have our mid we have to have our msas we
have to have our student organizations
all lending their support to these
efforts these young brothers and sisters
are putting their academic careers on
the line these people are facing the
full weight of media suppression of
political suppression and we are seeing
these heartbreaking scenes play out on
our screens across the country where
once again there's the Palestine
exception where standing for the rights
of Palestinians immediately takes what
would otherwise be deemed a noble effort
and turns it into a vilified one